hey guys welcome to my channel today I'm
going to show you how to see your
view-through conversions on your
facebook ads so when you look at your
Facebook Ads manager you're gonna see
one number under purchases or results
this number is actually the result of
two numbers being put together one that
is for conversions that are attributed
to clicks and the other are conversions
that are attributed to view threes if
someone was a click based attribution
that means that they actually clicked on
your ad and made that purchase or
conversion on the flipside view through
means that they only saw your ad and
then made that conversion without
actually clicking directly on your ad
and both of these definitely have their
place in facebook ads marketing now I'm
not gonna tell you that view throughs
are better than clicks or vice versa
there's a lot of debate on that and
really it boils down to what's best for
you and your business and for the
purposes of today's video I actually
just want to show you how you can view
that data so what you're gonna do is
first you're gonna go to your Facebook
Ads manager account and then you're
gonna click columns and then customize
column and then down on the right hand
side you're gonna look at your
attribution window likely you'll be
using Facebook's default attribution
window which is based on a 28-day click
in one day view so this means that
Facebook is going to tribulation when
doz and then click one day view and then
28 day click and again this is because
this is the default attribution window
you have if you're using a different
attribution window you can go ahead and
make that selection you're gonna be able
to see which of your conversions are
attributed to clicks or view through I
would be in the habit of looking often
at this data so you can know exactly how
your customers are interacting with your
ads do they click right away or are they
likely to see your ad then Google your
brand and then eventually make a
purchase without actually engaging with
one of your ads this is important to
know because it says a lot about your
customer journey and how much your ads
are actually stimulating a direct
response ok and that's it super simple
leave me a comment below and let me know
if you guys actually look at your view
through conversions I find that actually
not many marketers do this so if you
start looking at that and informing
yourself about your customer journey
you're already ahead of the game so let
me know
and I'll see you guys soon bye